Fix/make project config immutable (#246)
glotzerlab/signac: changelog.txt

 - Attempting to create a linked view for a Project on Windows now raises an informative error message.

Deprecated
++++++++++

>  - Modifying the project config, to be removed in 2.0 (#246).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - In-memory modification of the project configuration, to be removed in 2.0 (#246).
```
Otherwise it's a bit too vague and might imply that you would not be able to change the project configuration at all.
